Add support of prelink steps (similar to prebuild steps) for Codelite. (#2070)
premake/premake-core: website/docs/prelinkcommands.md

> Specifies shell commands to run after the source files have been compiled, but before the link step (when supported, else behave as [prebuildcommands](prebuildcommands.md)).

Reviewer: This is an awkward way of phrasing this. Something like this would work better:
```suggestion
Specifies shell commands to run after the source files have been compiled, but before the link step (if unsupported by the action, it will be treated the same as [prebuildcommands](prebuildcommands.md)).
```

Author: Applied.
